### License Information and Disclaimer

(from https://www.census.gov/data/software/x13as/disclaimer.html)

March 1, 2016

This Software was created by U.S. Government employees and therefore is not
subject to copyright in the United States (17 U.S.C. §105). The United States/U.S.
Department of Commerce (“Commerce”) reserve all rights to seek and obtain
copyright protection in countries other than the United States. The United
States/Commerce hereby grant to User a royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use,
copy, and create derivative works of the Software outside of the United States.

The Software is provided to the User and those who may take by, through or under
it, “as is,” without any warranty (whether express or implied) or representation
whatsoever, including but not limited to any warranty of merchantability. The
Software is taken hereunder without any right to support or to any improvements,
extensions, or modifications, except as may be agreed to separately, in writing,
by Commerce.

User, on behalf of itself and all others who take by, through or under it, hereby
and forever waives, releases, and discharges the United States/Commerce and all
its instrumentalities from any and all liabilities and obligations in connection
with the use, application, sale or conveyance of the Software. User shall
indemnify and hold harmless the United States/Commerce and its instrumentalities
from all claims, liabilities, demands, damages, expenses, and losses arising from
or in connection with User's use, application, sale or conveyance of the Software,
including those who take by, through or under User whether or not User was
directly involved. This provision will survive termination of this Agreement and
will include any and all claims or liabilities arising under intellectual property
rights, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets. If User of
software is an Executive Agency of the United States, this clause is not
applicable.

The construction, validity, performance, and effect of this Agreement for all
purposes will be governed by Federal law of the United States.

User agrees to make a good faith effort to use the Software in a way that does not
cause damage, harm, or embarrassment to the United States/Commerce. The United
States/Commerce expressly reserve all rights and remedies.
