README.md, before:

## About

This repo is a holding area for recipes destined for a conda-forge feedstock repo. To find out more about conda-forge, see https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io)


## Build status

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/conda-forge/staged-recipes/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/conda-forge/staged-recipes/tree/master) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/3lju80dibkmowsj5/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/conda-forge/staged-recipes/branch/master)

## Getting started

1. Fork this repository.
2. Make a new folder in `recipes` for your package. Look at the example recipe, our [documentation](http://conda-forge.org/docs/maintainer/adding_pkgs.html#) and the [FAQ](https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes#faq)  for help.
3. Open a pull request. Building of your package will be tested on Windows, Mac and Linux.
4. When your pull request is merged a new repository, called a feedstock, will be created in the github conda-forge organization, and build/upload of your package will automatically be triggered. Once complete, the package is available on conda-forge.


## FAQ

### 1. **How do I start editing the recipe?**

Look at one of [these examples](https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes/tree/master/recipes)
in this repository and modify it as necessary.

Your final recipe should have no comments and follow the order in the example.

*If there are details you are not sure about please open a pull request. The conda-forge team will be happy to answer your questions.*

### 2. **How do I populate the `hash` field?**

If your package is on [PyPI](https://pypi.org), you can get the sha256 hash from your package's page on PyPI; look for the `SHA256` link next to the download link for your package.

You can also generate a hash from the command line on Linux (and Mac if you install the necessary tools below). If you go this route, the `sha256` hash is preferable to the `md5` hash.

To generate the `md5` hash: `md5 your_sdist.tar.gz`

To generate the `sha256` hash: `openssl sha256 your_sdist.tar.gz`

You may need the openssl package, available on conda-forge:
`conda install openssl -c conda-forge`

### 3. **How do I exclude a platform?**

Use the `skip` key in the `build` section along with a selector:

```yaml
build:
    skip: true  # [win]
```

A full description of selectors is [in the conda docs](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#preprocessing-selectors).

Additionally, when pushing commits for a recipe that excludes Windows, put `[skip appveyor]` in the commit message to prevent CI tests
on Windows from even starting.


### 4. **What does the `build: 0` entry mean?**

The build number is used when the source code for the package has not changed but you need to make a new
build. For example, if one of the dependencies of the package was not properly specified the first time
you build a package, then when you fix the dependency and rebuild the package you should increase the build
number.

When the package version changes you should reset the build number to `0`.

### 5. **Do I have to import all of my unit tests into the recipe's `test` field?**

No, you do not.

### 6. **Do all of my package's dependencies have to be in conda(-forge) already?**

Short answer: yes. Long answer: In principle, as long as your dependencies are in at least one of
your user's conda channels they will be able to install your package. In practice, that is difficult
to manage, and we strive to get all dependencies built in conda-forge.

### 7. **When or why do I need to use `{{ PYTHON }} -m pip install . -vv`?**

This should be the default install line for most Python packages. This is preferable to `python setup.py` because it handles metadata in a `conda`-friendlier way.

### 8. **Do I need `bld.bat` and/or `build.sh`?**

In many cases, no. Python packages almost never need it. If the build can be done with one line you can put it in the `script` line of the `build` section.

### 9. What does being a conda-forge feedstock maintainer entail?

The maintainers "job" is to:

- keep the feedstock updated by merging eventual maintenance PRs from conda-forge's bots;
- keep the package updated by bumping the version whenever there is a new release;
- answer eventual question about the package on the feedstock issue tracker.

### 10. Why are there recipes already in the `recipes` directory? Should I do something about it?

When a PR of recipe(s) is ready to go, it is merged into `master`. This will trigger a CI build specially designed to convert the recipe(s). However, for any number of reasons the recipe(s) may not be converted right away. In the interim, the recipe(s) will remain in `master` until they can be converted. There is no action required on the part of recipe contributors to resolve this. Also it should have no impact on any other PRs being proposed. If these recipe(s) pending conversion do cause issues for your submission, please ping `conda-forge/core` for help.

### 11. **Some checks failed, but it wasn't my recipe! How do I trigger a rebuild?**

Sometimes, some of the CI tools' builds fail due to no error within your recipe. If that happens, you can trigger a rebuild by re-creating the last commit and force pushing it to your branch:

```bash
# edit your last commit, giving it a new time stamp and hash
# (you can just leave the message as it is)
git commit --amend
# push to github, overwriting your branch
git push -f
```

If the problem was due to scripts in the `staged-recipes` repository, you may be asked to "rebase" once these are fixed. To do so, run:
```bash
# If you didn't add a remote for conda-forge/staged-recipes yet, also run
# these lines:
# git remote add upstream https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes.git
# git fetch --all
git rebase upstream/master
git push -f
```

### 12. My pull request passes all checks, but hasn't received any attention. How do I call attention to my PR?  What is the customary amount of time to wait?

If your PR is passing all checks, but has not been acted on by the staged recipes
maintainers, you can ping @conda-forge/staged-recipes to request action. You do
not need to wait any specific amount of time once the recipe is ready to go.

If your recipe still does not recieve any attention after a few days, you may
attempt to re-ping @conda-forge/staged-recipes. You may also attempt to bring
the PR up in our Gitter chat room at https://gitter.im/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io

All apologies in advance if your recipe PR does not recieve prompt attention.
This is a high volume repository and issues can easily be missed. We are always
looking for more staged-recipe reviewers. If you are interested in volunteering,
please contact a member of @conda-forge/core. We'd love to have the help!

### 13. How to build with old compilers (GCC v4) on staged-recipes?

First, don't. Second, please don't.

Add a `conda_build_config.yaml` file inside the recipe folder with the contents

```yaml
channel_sources:
- conda-forge/label/cf201901,defaults   # [unix]
- conda-forge,defaults                  # [win]
channel_targets:
- conda-forge cf201901                  # [unix]
- conda-forge main                      # [win]
c_compiler:                             # [unix]
- gcc                                   # [linux]
- clang                                 # [osx]
cxx_compiler:                           # [unix]
- gxx                                   # [linux]
- clangxx                               # [osx]
fortran_compiler:                       # [unix]
- gfortran                              # [unix]
```

Commit message:

Add grayskull to the README (#12305)

README.md, after:

## About

This repo is a holding area for recipes destined for a conda-forge feedstock repo. To find out more about conda-forge, see https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io)


## Build status

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/conda-forge/staged-recipes/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/conda-forge/staged-recipes/tree/master) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/3lju80dibkmowsj5/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/conda-forge/staged-recipes/branch/master)

## Getting started

1. Fork this repository.
2. Make a new folder in `recipes` for your package. Look at the example recipe, our [documentation](http://conda-forge.org/docs/maintainer/adding_pkgs.html#) and the [FAQ](https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes#faq)  for help.
3. Open a pull request. Building of your package will be tested on Windows, Mac and Linux.
4. When your pull request is merged a new repository, called a feedstock, will be created in the github conda-forge organization, and build/upload of your package will automatically be triggered. Once complete, the package is available on conda-forge.


## Grayskull - recipe generator for Python packages on `pypi`

For Python packages available on `pypi` it is possible to use [grayskull](https://github.com/marcelotrevisani/grayskull) to generate the recipe. The user should review the recipe generated, specially the license and dependencies.

Installing `grayskull`: `conda install -c conda-forge grayskull`
Generating recipe: `grayskull pypi PACKAGE_NAME_HERE`


## FAQ

### 1. **How do I start editing the recipe?**

Look at one of [these examples](https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes/tree/master/recipes)
in this repository and modify it as necessary.

Your final recipe should have no comments and follow the order in the example.

*If there are details you are not sure about please open a pull request. The conda-forge team will be happy to answer your questions.*

### 2. **How do I populate the `hash` field?**

If your package is on [PyPI](https://pypi.org), you can get the sha256 hash from your package's page on PyPI; look for the `SHA256` link next to the download link for your package.

You can also generate a hash from the command line on Linux (and Mac if you install the necessary tools below). If you go this route, the `sha256` hash is preferable to the `md5` hash.

To generate the `md5` hash: `md5 your_sdist.tar.gz`

To generate the `sha256` hash: `openssl sha256 your_sdist.tar.gz`

You may need the openssl package, available on conda-forge:
`conda install openssl -c conda-forge`

### 3. **How do I exclude a platform?**

Use the `skip` key in the `build` section along with a selector:

```yaml
build:
    skip: true  # [win]
```

A full description of selectors is [in the conda docs](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#preprocessing-selectors).

Additionally, when pushing commits for a recipe that excludes Windows, put `[skip appveyor]` in the commit message to prevent CI tests
on Windows from even starting.


### 4. **What does the `build: 0` entry mean?**

The build number is used when the source code for the package has not changed but you need to make a new
build. For example, if one of the dependencies of the package was not properly specified the first time
you build a package, then when you fix the dependency and rebuild the package you should increase the build
number.

When the package version changes you should reset the build number to `0`.

### 5. **Do I have to import all of my unit tests into the recipe's `test` field?**

No, you do not.

### 6. **Do all of my package's dependencies have to be in conda(-forge) already?**

Short answer: yes. Long answer: In principle, as long as your dependencies are in at least one of
your user's conda channels they will be able to install your package. In practice, that is difficult
to manage, and we strive to get all dependencies built in conda-forge.

### 7. **When or why do I need to use `{{ PYTHON }} -m pip install . -vv`?**

This should be the default install line for most Python packages. This is preferable to `python setup.py` because it handles metadata in a `conda`-friendlier way.

### 8. **Do I need `bld.bat` and/or `build.sh`?**

In many cases, no. Python packages almost never need it. If the build can be done with one line you can put it in the `script` line of the `build` section.

### 9. What does being a conda-forge feedstock maintainer entail?

The maintainers "job" is to:

- keep the feedstock updated by merging eventual maintenance PRs from conda-forge's bots;
- keep the package updated by bumping the version whenever there is a new release;
- answer eventual question about the package on the feedstock issue tracker.

### 10. Why are there recipes already in the `recipes` directory? Should I do something about it?

When a PR of recipe(s) is ready to go, it is merged into `master`. This will trigger a CI build specially designed to convert the recipe(s). However, for any number of reasons the recipe(s) may not be converted right away. In the interim, the recipe(s) will remain in `master` until they can be converted. There is no action required on the part of recipe contributors to resolve this. Also it should have no impact on any other PRs being proposed. If these recipe(s) pending conversion do cause issues for your submission, please ping `conda-forge/core` for help.

### 11. **Some checks failed, but it wasn't my recipe! How do I trigger a rebuild?**

Sometimes, some of the CI tools' builds fail due to no error within your recipe. If that happens, you can trigger a rebuild by re-creating the last commit and force pushing it to your branch:

```bash
# edit your last commit, giving it a new time stamp and hash
# (you can just leave the message as it is)
git commit --amend
# push to github, overwriting your branch
git push -f
```

If the problem was due to scripts in the `staged-recipes` repository, you may be asked to "rebase" once these are fixed. To do so, run:
```bash
# If you didn't add a remote for conda-forge/staged-recipes yet, also run
# these lines:
# git remote add upstream https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes.git
# git fetch --all
git rebase upstream/master
git push -f
```

### 12. My pull request passes all checks, but hasn't received any attention. How do I call attention to my PR?  What is the customary amount of time to wait?

If your PR is passing all checks, but has not been acted on by the staged recipes
maintainers, you can ping @conda-forge/staged-recipes to request action. You do
not need to wait any specific amount of time once the recipe is ready to go.

If your recipe still does not recieve any attention after a few days, you may
attempt to re-ping @conda-forge/staged-recipes. You may also attempt to bring
the PR up in our Gitter chat room at https://gitter.im/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io

All apologies in advance if your recipe PR does not recieve prompt attention.
This is a high volume repository and issues can easily be missed. We are always
looking for more staged-recipe reviewers. If you are interested in volunteering,
please contact a member of @conda-forge/core. We'd love to have the help!

### 13. How to build with old compilers (GCC v4) on staged-recipes?

First, don't. Second, please don't.

Add a `conda_build_config.yaml` file inside the recipe folder with the contents

```yaml
channel_sources:
- conda-forge/label/cf201901,defaults   # [unix]
- conda-forge,defaults                  # [win]
channel_targets:
- conda-forge cf201901                  # [unix]
- conda-forge main                      # [win]
c_compiler:                             # [unix]
- gcc                                   # [linux]
- clang                                 # [osx]
cxx_compiler:                           # [unix]
- gxx                                   # [linux]
- clangxx                               # [osx]
fortran_compiler:                       # [unix]
- gfortran                              # [unix]
```
