Copyright Â© 2010 Farhan Feroz & Mike Hobson

Permission to include in application software or to make digital or
hard copies of part or all of this work is subject to the following
licensing agreement.


MultiNest License Agreement

MultiNest (both binary and source) is copyrighted by Farhan Feroz and
Mike Hobson (hereafter, FF&MH) and ownership of all right, title and
interest in and to the Software remains with FF&MH. By using or
copying the Software, User agrees to abide by the terms of this
Agreement.


Non-commercial Use

FF&MH grant to you (hereafter, User) a royalty-free, non-exclusive
right to execute, copy, modify and distribute both the binary and
source code solely for academic, research and other similar
non-commercial uses, subject to the following

1. User acknowledges that the Software is still in the development
stage and that it is being supplied "as is," without any support
services from FF&MH. FF&MH do not make any representations or
warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, any
representations or warranties of the merchantability or fitness for
any particular purpose, or that the application of the software, will
not infringe on any patents or other proprietary rights of others.

2. FF&MH shall not be held liable for direct, indirect, incidental or
consequential damages arising from any claim by User or any third
party with respect to uses allowed under this Agreement, or from any
use of the Software.

3. User agrees to fully indemnify and hold harmless FF&MH of the
original work from and against any and all claims, demands, suits,
losses, damages, costs and expenses arising out of the User's use of
the Software, including, without limitation, arising out of the User's
modification of the Software.

4. User may modify the Software and distribute that modified work to
third parties provided that: (a) if posted separately, it clearly
acknowledges that it contains material copyrighted by FF&MH (b) no
charge is associated with such copies, (c) User agrees to notify FF&MH
of the distribution, and (d) User clearly notifies secondary users
that such modified work is not the original Software.

5. User agrees that the authors of the original work and others may
enjoy a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, copy, modify and
redistribute these modifications to the Software made by the User and
distributed to third parties as a derivative work under this
agreement.

6. This agreement will terminate immediately upon User's breach of, or
non-compliance with, any of its terms. User may be held liable for any
copyright infringement or the infringement of any other proprietary
rights in the Software that is caused or facilitated by the User's
failure to abide by the terms of this agreement.


Commercial Use

Any User wishing to make a commercial use of the Software must contact
FF&MH at f.feroz@mrao.cam.ac.uk to arrange an appropriate license.
Commercial use includes (1) integrating or incorporating all or part
of the source code into a product for sale or license by, or on behalf
of, User to third parties, or (2) distribution of the binary or source
code to third parties for use with a commercial product sold or
licensed by, or on behalf of, User.
